Previously on Desperate Housewives.
The new neighbour...
- He's cute.
- He's a bachelor.
...became a hero
in a crisis that brought
Julie and Austin together,
while Carlos and Gabby broke apart.
I had a career and a future,
but I gave it all up for you.
And what did I get in return?
The police assembled
their pieces of evidence.
Your phone number was written
on her hand.
I can't help you.
No memory? That's convenient.
Karen McCluskey had always believed
in helping others,
whether they wanted her help or not.
- What's all this?
- You know how you never got around
to painting your garage door?
Well, it's done.
Hope you like blue.
- Baxter. You found him.
- Yeah, and I got him neutered, too.
I figured you wouldn't want
any more strays around here.
- Karen.
- Hi, Alberta.
I took these down for you since,
you know,
Christmas was six months ago.
Yes, Mrs McCluskey's helping hand
was known throughout Wisteria Lane.
But on this day,
it was about to get slapped.
What the hell are you doing?
Jeez, Edie, you scared me.
What are you doing here?
Getting Mike's house ready.
He comes back
from the hospital tomorrow.
Since when do you have a key
to his garage?
He gave me one,
in case of an emergency.
Don't lie to me, prune.
Fine. I found it under his mat.
Look, I'm not doing anything wrong.
I just come over once a week
and start his mower
so the engine doesn't get rusty.
And do you mow your lawn with it, too?
What's the big deal?
I'm doing him a favour.
Well, he doesn't need
any favours from you.
I'm gonna go through Mike's house
room by room,
and if I find as much as one paper clip
missing, I'm calling the cops.
Funny you should talk about
stuff that's missing.
I found those pictures of
Mike and Susan you threw out.
- Pictures?
- Oh, don't act for me.
I know that Mike's been having troubles
with his memory.
My guess,
you don't want him to remember
how crazy he was
about his old girlfriend.
I don't need to resort to deception
to land a man.
Oh, Edie? I saved the pictures.
And I can show them to Mike
any time I like.
Yes, Karen McCluskey believed in
helping others.
Where are you going with this?
Which she felt gave her the right
to help herself.
So, remember to be polite. Smile.
Each year,
as part of their fundraising drive,
the Fairview Adventure Scouts would
award a shiny new bike
to whoever sold
the most magazine subscriptions.
And each Scout would set out,
utterly convinced the prize
would be hers.
That's the beauty of youth.
Little girls believe anything is possible.
That is, until they grow up
and get divorced.
Hi. What if I told you there is a way
you could help children
while also reading your favourite
magazines at a reduced price?
- Would you like to hear more?
- Sure. Knock yourself out.
Wise choice.
For the lady of the house we offer
Redbook, Glamour,
- Vog-you.
- I think you mean Vogue, sweetie.
- You sure?
- I should know. I was on the cover.
No way.
Way.
See that coat I'm wearing in this shot?
That's genuine ocelot fur.
Although the photographer was
the real animal,
if you know what I'm saying.
Which I hope you don't.
And don't ever do drugs, okay?
Being a model must be so amazing.
Why did you stop?
Well, I fell in love, got married
and moved to the suburbs
for the whole fairy-tale
happy-ending thing.
That was a crock.
So you going back to modelling?
No. No, no, no, no, no.
Why not?
What else are you gonna do?
You're going back to modelling?
This is so sudden.
Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves.
I'm just gonna fly to New York,
meet with my old agent,
and take it from there.
Come on, you guys.
This is exciting. Be happy for me.
Oh, we are.
We're just gonna miss you, that's all.
Well, now that my divorce is final,
I need a reason to wake up
in the morning.
I have this hole in my life
that can't be filled by shopping.
That's right. I said it.
Oh, my gosh, Lynette.
I'll get the kids.
They're dying to see you.
- Okay. Hey!
- Hey.
Oh, my gosh.
You didn't have to do this!
- Hi.
- You look great.
Well, apparently, taking a .38 slug
to the shoulder agrees with you.
Yeah. Listen, about that,
the kids don't know what happened.
- They don't?
- I thought they were a little young
to deal with their mother getting shot.
All I told them is Kayla is staying
with her grandmother, and I made up
a story about how I got hurt.
- Hey, Mom!
- Here they are.
Hey. Hello. Oh, this side. Hi.
Hello!
Can't believe you got in a fight
with a hobo.
Yeah. Well, let's see how well you do
on a morphine drip.
Mommy, come inside.
We helped Mrs McCluskey
make your favourite lunch.
Fantastic. Lead the way. I'm coming in.
- Hurry up. I'm hungry.
- Let's go. Let's go.
There she is. Hi, bunny, bunny.
Hey. Why don't you go inside
and get the party started?
I've gotta... Okay?
Hi, bunny. I'll be right there.
- Hey.
- Hey!
Lynette, you're home.
- Yeah.
- How are you doing?
I'm good. I just...
How do I thank the man
who saved my life?
No, no, no.
You don't have to say anything.
I'm gonna make you a cake.
- A cake?
- Yeah.
I never make cakes. This is huge.
In that case, thanks.
Yeah, I'm gonna make you a cake!
Christmas carols?
It's not even Thanksgiving.
I'm starting my cards early this year.
It puts me in the mood
to spread holiday cheer.
With the pack of lies
in this family newsletter,
- she spreads holiday denial.
- Andrew, it's etiquette.
Nobody wants to read
the truth at Christmas.
- Well said, darling.
- Honey, would you put on another CD?
Something with sleigh bells.
Oh, by the way, Orson,
I need your mother's address
at the nursing home.
Oh. Well, I appreciate
the thought, darling,
but you needn't send her a card.
Well, don't be silly. I'm sending one
to the man who reads our gas metre.
I can certainly send one to your mother.
She's completely senile.
She'll only try to dunk it in her coffee.
Well, all the more reason
to send her one.
Let the nurses know that she has
family at home who loves her,
and who could drop by at any minute
and slap them with a lawsuit.
Bree, I hear what you're saying.
Orson, what's the big deal?
It's just an address.
Fine. I'll get my book.
The home is somewhere over
in Lakeview.
Lakeview? You gave me
the impression that she was back east.
Well, that's because, frankly,
I wanted to avoid this conversation.
But if she's only 30 minutes away,
why haven't you been visiting her?
Okay, the truth is,
it breaks my heart to see her now.
I want to remember her as she was.
- But, Orson...
- Bree!
I refuse to sit in a room that smells
of disinfectant and lime Jell-O
making small talk with a woman
who doesn't remember me.
Now let it go, damn it.
But, by all means, do send a card.
Elves will tickle her.
- Well, shall we?
- Wait.
Julie's gonna know
we came home early
from the restaurant to check up on her.
I don't want her to think
I'm overprotective and clingy.
The girl was held hostage.
It's only natural you're gonna be
a little bit clingy.
Yeah, it's been a week.
I'm getting on her nerves.
How about this? We came home early
because we hated the restaurant.
The service was dreadful
and the lobster was inedible.
Okay.
Wait. If we hated the restaurant,
then why are we bringing home food?
Good point.
No, no, wait, wait! Are you kidding?
That's lobster. Okay.
I thought the restaurant was fantastic.
You were the fussy snob
who was impossible to please.
Why do I have to be the fussy snob?
- Because you're British.
- Fine.
But I trust you'll make it up to me later
by doing the things
a gentleman expects
when he's sprung for lobster.
I'm not getting any tonight, am I?
- You're supposed to be having dinner.
- It's my fault.
I found the restaurant
to be absolutely...
Oh, let it go. We came home
because I was worried about you.
And with good reason!
- You put on your shirt and get out!
- But I didn't bring a shirt.
- See, I was out running...
- Who cares? Go!
How could you treat him like that?
If Austin hadn't been in
that supermarket, I might not be here.
Yes, and I am grateful,
but I found a way to say thank you
without taking my top off.
A couple of buttons came undone.
It's not like my boobs were out.
Okay, well, it's getting late,
and I really...
No, Ian, am I overreacting here?
Well, I can understand,
on the heels of a crisis,
two people might bond
and find themselves...
- You're a very naughty girl!
- Julie.
That boy drinks, he steals, and now
I find him mauling you on my couch.
That's it. I forbid you to see him.
You can't do that. I choose who I date.
Yeah? Well, I choose to ground you.
Two weeks, baby.
Fine, I'll just see him at school.
Well, then you won't go to school.
I'll home school you.
Right. You're gonna teach me trig?
You can't even balance
your own chequebook.
Yes, and you'll be poorly educated,
and you won't get into college,
and you will work for minimum wage
for the rest of your life,
all because of that boy!
I hope you're happy!
Mom, I like this guy.
And I'm sorry if it makes you unhappy,
but I'm going to keep seeing him.
Doesn't the place look great?
I came in and straightened up.
I wanted everything
to look nice for you.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just that...
I'm home,
but it doesn't really feel like home.
It will. Give it time.
The important thing is that you're back
from the hospital,
and every day you're getting better.
Hey, the worst is behind you.
I need the Delfino search warrant.
We're not gonna get it
without probable cause.
The guy's phone number was written
on a dead girl's hand.
- The judge is gonna need more.
- I thought you might say that.
Here's Monique Polier's lab work.
The infrared spectroscopy matched
paint fragments in the head wound
to the proximal line of pipe wrenches.
They're high-end,
only used by professional plumbers.
And guess what our boy Delfino
does for a living?
I'll see what I can do.
What do you mean
you can't shoot her?
Francesco,
if you can airbrush her acne,
you can airbrush the track marks.
Now, don't call me again
unless she OD's.
- Sit.
- You look amazing.
- Younger than ever.
- It's my new dermal filler.
It's banned here, so my assistant
smuggles it in from Brazil.
Isn't it fun? I have my own drug mule.
That's great.
Well, I have some fun news of my own.
- I'm ready to model again.
- Really?
The last time we spoke
you couldn't wait to quit.
You were giving it all up for love.
What happened to Prince Charming?
- Divorce.
- Oh, single again.
Isn't that ironic, since I'm the one
you called... Oh, how did you put it?
"A career-obsessed lesbo who would
die alone and be eaten by her cats."
- Did I say that?
- Water under the bridge.
I thought it was funny.
It's even funnier now.
Look, Marcella, I'm back,
and we made such a great team before,
and I think we can be again.
I don't know, darling.
Things are different now.
You're not gonna be able to jump
right back in where you left off.
Well, I just want to work.
Boy, I'm still not sure.
You know what might help?
- If you grovelled.
- Are you serious?
Well, I can't tell, because your face
doesn't move any more.
No, I'm joking. Welcome back, darling.
Hi.
Thank you.
Well, hello, there.
How pretty you look today.
It's wonderful that you're up and about.
You must be enjoying
these colourful balloons.
Why are you talking to me
like I'm a moron?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
The nurse pointed me over here.
I'm looking for Gloria Hodge.
I'm Gloria Hodge.
Who might you be?
I must say,
I'm surprised at how lucid you are.
Orson led me to believe...
That I was
in the final stages of dementia.
No, I'm afraid that's
just wishful thinking on his part.
Well, how can he feel that way?
You're his mother.
I wouldn't judge him too harshly.
Ours is a complicated relationship.
There is love, to be sure, but we have
a way of disappointing each other.
Well, how does he disappoint you?
He's cold, rigid,
and utterly incapable of
letting go of the past.
And how do you disappoint him?
I refuse to die.
Yes, I see.
Well, surely this rift isn't irreparable.
Do you know how people in
nursing homes spend their days, Bree?
They think about the past.
And all the things they'd do differently,
if they had the chance.
Please tell Orson that I'm sorry.
And in spite of everything,
I still love him.
I have a better idea.
Why don't you tell him yourself?
That would be great.
I really appreciate it.
Okay. Thank you.
So what did Ed say?
When do you have to go back to work?
He said take as much time as I want
with pay.
How was your day?
You should get gunned down
more often.
- Hey, there they are.
- Hey, guys.
- Hello.
- How was school? Doing well?
Mommy, were you shot?
Shot? Where did you hear that?
Jordan Blackwelder.
That's the same little creep
who tried to ruin Santa Claus.
And he said that the same crazy lady
that shot you
killed Auntie Nora dead.
It was on the news and everything.
Okay, listen, kids. I am sorry.
We shouldn't have lied,
but sometimes parents want to protect
kids from scary things.
And, look, the good news is,
Mommy's fine now.
And we'll all see Auntie Nora
again in heaven.
Or wherever.
- Did they let you keep the bullet?
- No. I'm afraid not.
That blows.
We wanted to bring it for show and tell.
Hey, sweetheart, you okay?
What if the crazy lady comes back?
She won't.
- How do you know?
- Well,
because she's up in heaven
with Auntie Nora.
Or wherever.
Julie Mayer, you get back here!
You're grounded, remember?
Edie Britt, I want to talk to you.
I just survived a hostage situation.
Haven't I suffered enough
for one week?
You keep your nephew
away from my daughter or else.
Look, I don't like it, either,
but the harder we try
to keep them apart
the more they're gonna
fight to be together.
- Just let it run its course.
- Are you crazy?
If we don't do something,
those two could end up having sex!
- Could?
- Oh, my God.
- You don't...
- Let me put it this way.
I've got a box of condoms
in my dresser.
Eleven are gone.
I can only account for eight of them.
How can you be so calm about this?
- Edie?
- Yeah.
Can you help me with this tie?
- Hey.
- Mike.
- You're out of the hospital.
- Yeah.
He's home. In fact, we're gonna go out
and celebrate tonight.
I'll be with you in one sec, okay, babe?
Since you asked,
I'm calm because I know if two people
are meant to be together,
there's nothing anyone can do about it.
Okay. I should be back at around 6:00.
They can have one snack.
Try and push apples.
But if they threaten violence, I have an
emergency candy bar under the sink.
- Not any more, you don't.
- Oh, jeez.
Mommy, where are you going?
- To the market.
- No.
Hey, sweetie, it's a different market.
- You're gonna get shot again.
- No, I won't.
Lots of mommies go to the store
every day and they're fine.
It's really not a scary place.
You went to the store,
and you got shot,
and Auntie Nora died.
I'm only gonna be in there 10 minutes.
I promise.
Can't she go?
Fine, I'll go.
Thanks.
You don't give a hoot if I get shot,
do you, kid?
You must be Tanya. I'm Gabrielle.
We're gonna be co-models today.
Now, I don't know if you've ever done
one of these big shoots before,
but don't be nervous.
Durkin and I are old friends.
He's a sweetheart.
Now, just remember, he's the king.
Do exactly what he says
and you'll be fine.
I've been modelling for two years.
I've done six magazine covers,
and I'm sleeping with Durkin.
I guess you're all set, then.
You've got some wardrobe choices.
Hey. Wow!
I want to be buried in this dress.
This is for Tanya.
The mom's stuff is at the end.
Mom?
Okay, love,
let's get the blood pumping!
The concept is
"lock up your daughters."
Okay, get to work, everybody.
Tanya, I want you to hover down here
on the lawn,
looking absolutely delicious.
Thank you very much.
And up here on the porch,
Mom and Dad looking all scandalised.
- Excuse me, Durkin?
- Yes, love?
It's Gabby.
Gabrielle Marquez.
You shot me in Milan, remember?
Yes. Yes! Lovely to see you again.
Did you have a question, then?
I do.
Aren't you a little worried
that I'm gonna pull focus?
I mean, it's a little confusing.
People are gonna see Tanya,
then they're gonna see that guy,
and they're gonna wonder who I am.
You're the mom.
People aren't gonna buy that.
So, here's what I was thinking.
I slap on one of those gowns.
I play Tanya's big sister,
home from college to raise a little hell.
And we're gonna cram
all that on a subtitle, are we?
I'm sorry.
It's just this outfit is hideous.
Just make it work.
Fine. I just need a moment
to get into character.
Gabrielle, what's the hold-up?
We've got to get moving here.
Ready, ready.
- What's that?
- Oh, I made it work.
I'm hot mom.
Get me her agent.
Before we begin, would either of you
like some cookies, milk,
lemonade, perhaps?
Mom, why are we here?
Cutting to the chase. I like it.
I have a confession to make.
This whole dating drama has been
keeping me up at night,
and I hate being
the bitchy, naggy mom.
When it comes to parenting, I am much
more comfortable playing the good cop.
Do you see
where I'm going with this, kids?
No.
Oh. Well, in that case,
meet the bad cop.
- Daddy.
- Hey, baby girl.
- Is that the guy?
- Yep.
Get him.
This is so unfair.
Look, you defied my wishes,
you broke my rules.
Did you really think I was just gonna
throw in the towel?
Face it. I outsmarted you.
- Who's Ian?
- What?
You're dating some British guy
named Ian.
How did that come up?
I'm sorry.
I didn't realise it was a big secret.
You know, when you said it was
true love with you and the plumber,
I was a good guy. I stepped aside.
And now you're on to someone else.
Big picture, Karl.
His hand up our daughter's shirt.
- Don't change the subject.
- That is the subject.
- How serious is it with this Ian guy?
- I don't know. It's complicated.
Yeah, he's kind of married.
- He's what?
- It's not what you think.
In her defence, his wife is in a coma.
All right, that's it.
All right, I forbid you to see this guy.
What? No. I don't take orders from you.
Mom has a point, Dad. You can't tell
a woman who she can and can't date.
- It's her choice.
- Exactly. Thank you. Wait, no.
That does not apply to you.
You know,
if you don't care about my feelings,
- I don't know what I'm doing here.
- Your feelings? My God.
You are the worst bad cop ever.
Go to your room.
Not you.
- Get back, you're under arrest.
- No, I'm not.
Hey, buddy, you've been reading
comic books for a while.
Don't you want to go and play?
- No. I want to stay with you.
- Yeah?
Okay.
Hey, Art.
- Oh, hey. How are you?
- Good.
Listen, as if saving my life wasn't
enough, I have a little favour to ask.
- Sure. What's up?
- My kids are having a hard time.
They're pretty freaked out
by that whole supermarket thing.
You're my hostage.
Keep moving or I'll blow your face off.
Okay, it's my turn. Give me the gun.
- It's not so much them.
- Right.
But my other son, Parker.
So, back to the favour.
Hey, Parker.
I want you to meet
our new neighbour, Art.
He lives in the house across the street.
His sister has the cool wheelchair
with the joy stick.
- Hey, there, Parker.
- Hi.
In the daytime, Art coaches swimming
at the rec centre.
But... Please, can I tell Parker?
Please?
And compromise my secret identity?
No way, Mrs Scavo. No way.
- Secret identity?
- Oh, great.
Now the cat's out of the bag.
Might as well tell him.
It's okay. You can trust him, really.
Art is the one who saved me
at the supermarket.
He's sort of a superhero.
Give me a break.
It's true.
All right. If you're a superhero,
what's your name?
I'm...
Protector Man.
Because I protect people
from bad guys.
You don't believe me, do you?
Okay.
I really shouldn't do this, but...
Wow. Did you really save my mom?
I really did.
He really did.
That's why you don't have to worry.
That's Protector Man's job.
Your job is to run and play
and have fun.
Okay?
Okay.
My cousin went to Purdue.
What the hell?
Delfino.
Nice to see you up and about.
- Here's our search warrant.
- Search warrant? Let me see that.
How are we doing?
We couldn't find a toolbox.
The man's a plumber. Keep looking.
- Sir, I can't find a thing.
- You tired?
Well, let's go. Let's get it back to one.
- You come with me.
- Marcella!
I don't know what they told you,
but all I'm asking for is
a simple costume change.
You don't get to pull diva crap.
Tanya gets away with it,
because she's a star. You are nothing.
Where do you get off talking to me
like that?
I shot 36 covers by the time I was 20.
Well, you're 30 now.
When you make that face you look 35.
Do you know how many photographers
would die to work with me again?
Yeah. Zero.
I had to call in major favours
just to get you this job.
- I don't believe that.
- You know what I don't believe?
You gave up a brilliant career
to play house in the suburbs,
and the minute it falls apart
you come back here
expecting a homecoming parade.
Well, guess what, sweetie.
We've moved on.
Now, get your polyester ass over there
and act like the pro you used to be.
Beautiful, Tanya. That's it, chin up.
Fantastic.
Mother, hold the plate higher.
Beautiful, Tanya.
Oh, you are gorgeous!
Yes, girl. Lovely, lovely!
Hiya, Mike. Welcome home.
You remember me?
Yeah, I think so.
The corner house
with all the gnomes out front?
You're thinking of Martha Huber.
Terrible story.
Someone beat her to death
and then buried her in the forest.
Ironic, huh?
Isn't that where gnomes live?
I don't really know that much
about gnomes.
Anyway, I know the cops
were here earlier.
So?
You won't remember this,
but one night, two years ago,
you drove me to the hospital
after I had an attack of angina.
Probably saved my life.
Anyway, I figure I owe you. Here.
You might want to wash
that wrench off.
It's got something on it.
Sorry I'm late.
Mrs Prescott broke a crown and...
Orson, how well you look.
Hello, Mother.
A word, darling.
I can't believe you did this!
And I can't believe you told me
that she was senile! You lied to me.
Yes, to spare us
the misery of her company.
You don't know her, Bree.
She's a loathsome woman,
- and I refuse to break bread with her.
- Now, you listen to me.
That woman gave you life,
and the fifth commandment tells us
to honour our parents,
no matter how hideous or repellent
they may be.
- That's not exactly...
- Orson, it's implied!
Now, get out there
and show her some respect.
Fine, but if you expect anything more
from me than forced civility,
you will be deeply disappointed.
- Bree, the salmon is superb.
- Well, thank you.
It did win me the blue ribbon
at the Gourmet County Cook-off.
I just love the sauce.
What gives it that kick?
You'd never ask a magician
how a trick is done.
You've barely touched
your salmon, dear.
- Is everything okay?
- Yes.
I was just wondering why you're here.
- I want us to be friends.
- Okay.
Let's suppose I just had
a massive head injury and believe you.
We're pals. Now, what do you want?
Orson, why does she have to have
an ulterior motive?
- I want out of that home.
- There it is.
It's a hellhole.
Besides, I'm perfectly healthy now.
My hip is better. I can handle the stairs.
And you said when I got strong enough
I'd get to go back to my house.
Oh, here's the thing.
- I sold it.
- What?
You heard me.
- What about my things?
- All gone. Oh, I also sold the car.
See, that's the thing about hellholes.
They don't pay for themselves.
How dare you? You had no right!
Okay, maybe I will share
my secret ingredient.
I should have smothered you
in your crib when I had the chance.
Paprika! There, it's out.
That's the mother I remember.
I was wondering when she'd show up.
Yes, Orson, I am your mother.
So you more than anyone should know
how I deal with betrayal.
So, can we call her Grandma?
I've got one more load,
and then I'm gonna do my homework.
Do you have anything you want me
to throw in?
No, I'm good, thanks.
Mom, listen.
I know I've put you through
the wringer lately, and I'm sorry.
Sixteen years of being perfect.
You were due.
That's what I don't get.
You've always trusted my judgement.
Why can't you trust me about Austin?
Relationships have nothing to do
with good judgement.
It doesn't matter how smart you are.
You can still get hurt.
You do your homework.
I'm gonna finish the laundry.
Okay.
There you go, Mrs H.
All right.
- Can I use your bathroom?
- Come on in.
Thank you.
Please stay for dessert.
I'll work on Orson
and we'll discuss this together.
You saw what he sentenced me to,
a room no better
than a furnished coffin.
- I have nothing to say to him.
- Well, then talk to me.
I know you're upset,
but don't shut me out, please.
Please, Gloria, let me in.
Well, I didn't mean it literally,
but okay.
We'll sit together and we'll talk.
What are you doing?
I'm not going back to that place!
Gloria, stop!
Let's get my mother back to the home,
shall we?
Yeah, not that it's any of my business,
but is everything okay with you folks?
Yeah. There was a little tension earlier,
but I think it's all been resolved.
What the hell?
No. I absolutely forbid it.
Just for a few weeks till we find
a place where she'll be happier.
You should have heard her in the car.
She's absolutely miserable
in that nursing home.
I don't care.
My mother's not moving in here
till she fits in a jar on the mantle.
How can you be so cold?
You don't know who she is.
I've worked my entire life to get away
from that woman.
Why? What could she possibly have
done to make you hate her so much?
Look, there is nothing to be gained
by dredging up the past.
Orson, if there's something
I should know...
Could I speak to my son a moment?
Of course.
So you know, I've decided to accept
your wife's kind invitation.
- I won't allow it.
- Oh, I think you will.
We're going to end our quarrel
right now.
Or I'll tell your wife what it's about.
- You wouldn't.
- Just try me.
I gave you life.
You know I won't hesitate
to take it away.
Now, give Mother a kiss.
Why in the hell would I want to do that?
To make it look real.
Hey! You're back!
I'd give you a hug,
but I'm really sweaty.
- So how was New York?
- Oh, it was fine.
Bree said you got a job on the first day.
You're such a star.
I want details.
You know, just hours and hours
of sitting around looking pretty.
But I think I'm done with modelling.
So you're not gonna move
to New York?
Well, if something great comes up,
I might fly out,
but I'm pretty settled here.
Thank God. We were all so worried
we were losing you.
Okay. Now I'm hugging you.
It's amazing.
Your life is such an adventure.
I can't wait to see what you do next.
Yeah. Me, too.
Okay.
- Mr Protector Man?
- That's a secret.
Hello?
Sweet!
Mom, look.
Hey, don't touch anything.
I'm just gonna write a note,
and then we'll go. Okay.
Parker?
Hey, come back here.
Honey? Come on, we're leaving.
Parker!
Parker, come on, we're leaving.
Why didn't you come when I called?
Superhero houses are great!
Parker, come on.
We're gonna get out of here.
- Why?
- I just said so. Come on.
There are so many things
we wish we could tell the young.
We'd like to persuade them
not to grow up so fast.
But they won't listen.
We want to tell them
that beauty fades.
Let's see the look.
Let's see the look, darling.
But they refuse to believe it.
We warn them that their actions
will have consequences.
But still they defy us.
Sadly, the young can't begin
to understand
the world is a dangerous place.
So it's up to us to do anything we can
to protect them.
- Hi.
What if I told you there is a way
you could help children...
Absolutely anything.